# Weekly Reflection
This reflection is an open format, so it can be whatever you like. Take this opportunity to write a bit on some of the things you have learned this week, or some of the things that you are still struggling with, identify some challenges you had at the beginning of the week that you were able to overcome, or just generally how you are feeling at this point in the course.

## Prompts
- What went well this week?

Basically everything! uhhhhhh yeah idk I can't think of much that went badly, there was one time on Friday I had a problem that I had Sam trying to help with for like 30 minutes and it was like annoying and crazy and didnt make any sense to either of us and then she found out I was apparently accidentally just zoomed into the page because laptops suck man :)

- What did you learn as a shock or surprise?

Struggling to think of anything here so I'm just gonna put that I ammm a beast at ping pong? 😏

- What are you struggling with?

Mick won't let us play the arcade machine AT ALL now this whole past week which is after he stopped us from playing Clone Hero for some bit before that which is due to a problem with the machine that I told him about like 4 weeks ago 😌 Definitely not seething on the inside or anything (I don't think he likes me after I brought all this up to him)

- What would you count as a victory?

My checkpoint being absolutely fuckin BALLIN and AMAZING and probably the best website ever created anddddd I'm boutta get this DUCK BABYYYY
